hi everyone my name is Lila and welcome
to my kitchen today I'm making
California rolls which are usually
filled with a mixture of crab cucumber
and avocado but instead of the cucumber
and avocado I'll be using celery since
my husband doesn't like the others and
he just loves the crunch of the salary
now to wrap the rolls I'm gonna be using
these small sheets of seaweed also
called nori you can usually find these
in most Asian markets here I'm using the
hand roll size I'll also be using sushi
rice click the link above to learn how
to make this type of rice and for the
filling some sliced imitation crab meat
and sliced celery I'm using about five
sticks of each which I've just cut in
half this makes about four to five rolls
now you'll need a sushi mat to wrap
these rolls and I've just covered mine
in plastic wrap so that it's easier to
clean between each roll now to start I'm
gonna place a sheet of seaweed on the
mat then I'm gonna dump my hands in a
bowl of salt water
this makes the sticky rice not stick to
your hands
I usually dunk them each time before
picking up more rice then I'm gonna
spread an even layer of rice on the
sheet of seaweed now the key here is to
keep your hands watered otherwise when
you press the grains they may split and
break which we don't want you want a
nice thin layer now once you have your
rice on carefully flip it over then
place the crab and the celery a little
bit towards your end and using the mat
carefully roll it up making sure that
it's tight and you press as you roll
and there you have your sushi roll now I
just want to place it on a plate and cut
it into slices now to do this I'm just
gonna dip my knife in a cup of salt
water and each time I cut a slice I'm
gonna dip my knife again so that the
knife doesn't stick to the sticky rice
I'm also gonna dip my fingers in the
salt water so that they don't stick
either
once it's cut you can place it on the
plate and serve enjoy
now you can also make this inside out by
not flipping over the seaweed once you
put the rice down you just put your crab
and celery in the center and then roll
it up
and there you have your inside out
California roll enjoy for complete
ingredients and instructions click the
link below thank you for watching